Bump version to 2.1.4 (#75)
cyberark/cloudfoundry-conjur-buildpack: CHANGELOG.md

## [Unreleased]

## [2.1.4] - 2020-07-16

### Changed 

> - Go dependencies updated for the `conjur-env` binary
> - Ruby gems and dependencies updated

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Go dependencies updated for the `conjur-env` binary.
  [cyberark/cloudfoundry-conjur-buildpack#66](https://github.com/cyberark/cloudfoundry-conjur-buildpack/issues/66)
```
